this is
nrin after a month of war in
Gaza she lives here in sheia with her
four young boys and her
husband they've gathered up what little
they have
left she tells me only God can help them
and that she'll move her family into a
tent outside her house she hopes today's
ceasefire might finally be the one that
sticks Israeli tanks just a few miles
from sheay have now made a Dusty
withdrawal people have been returning to
their homes what's left of
them Israel says it has destroyed many
of hamas's weapon stores and more than
30 tunnels used to carry out attacks
across the
border
but not every house in Gaza has a tunnel
under
it Sak sasac says he doesn't know why
they destroyed his house he says there
was no resistance here and that they
were all
civilians people in Gaza have had to
rebuild so many times they've seen half
a dozen Wars and Decades of Israel's
occupation much of the money for
reconstruction will be foreign aid some
of it americ who also provided Israel
with the weapons to do much of this but
this will not be a lasting pece and in a
few years time there's no guarantee that
it won't just all happen
again Gaza has been
crippled the healing will take years
many will never
recover John donison BBC News in Gaza